If there is inaccurate data in the inventory points,
a negative effect cascades
through the whole inventory system.
For example, let's say the inventory manager
orders 10 cases of medium-sized gloves.
Each case contains 100 boxes of gloves.
The inventory manager gets distracted
and accidentally enters the incorrect information
of the case containing 10 boxes of gloves.
As a result, when the gloves come in,
a total of 100 boxes of gloves are received in
when in reality it would be 1000 boxes of gloves received.
As a result, the primary is short 900 boxes of gloves.
When they are distributed to the secondary areas,
the primary will alert you to order
after the 100 boxes are used,
even if there are 900 boxes still on the shelf.